I'm just a random guy you're executing your hooking up with.
I store back there, it belongs to a client of mine.
He's a friend.
Of course.
And that's where I like him, probably knows a lot of high class people, maybe even celebrities.
Hi there!
Welcome in.
Right.
Thanks, I'm starving.
Wow.
That's hot.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
It's not what it looks like.
We accidentally got lost.
Baby.
I'm sure she knows how these things work.
No, why are you saying that?
Look, it's okay, I totally understand.
My girlfriend loves that kinky shit.
I'll be back when you guys are ready.
Since when do you call me baby?
Long time no see.
Oh my God.
Hi Summer.
Wait, did you actually break up with Dan?
Yeah, we broke up a while ago.
A summer and I went to school together.
It's a pleasure.
Ellie, you should probably know.
Dan's been posting.
You've got a sugar daddy now.
What?